The president has investigated it clearly.
Miss
Died in a car accident
Exactly the same day
The little lady had cosmetic surgery in the same hospital
Since then, he has been pretending to be the eldest lady
What caused those car accidents?
The driver of the accident, of course
But after the incident
The driver's account has 1 million
Will officially call someone
Call the police
Do you suspect
Dare to teach me to do things
If you dare to say a word, you will end up
Would you like to thank our townspeople for subscribing?
If you want to continue playing
I'll make you feel like I'm immortal
Of course you do.
Why did you kill my sister?
What a sacrifice
kill
The only daughter of the Xiao family
Parents are dead or the goddess is missing
When it reappeared, it suffered a
Also used the identity of I love you
I admit that I am not an identity in the network
But I didn't get him killed.
I died in an accident after the fact
Surprisingly, you really don't cry when you see the coffin?
Do you really think the driver is dead?
I can't find it.
After the incident, you mixed 1 million into his account
1 million was me
Come
Drag this bastard who killed my granddaughter to the water jail
I'm going to slowly torture him to death